[doc] Clarify the impact of batch message in key_shared subscription (#7175)
apache/pulsar: site2/docs/client-libraries-java.md

("key-4", "message-4-2")
```

> If batch enabled at the producer side, messages with different key may add to a batch by default. The broker will dispatch the batch to the consumer, so the default batch mechanism may break the Key_Shared subscription guaranteed message distribution semantics. The producer need to use the `KeyBasedBatcher`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If batching is enabled at the producer side, messages with different keys are added to a batch by default. The broker will dispatch the batch to the consumer, so the default batch mechanism may break the Key_Shared subscription guaranteed message distribution semantics. The producer needs to use the `KeyBasedBatcher`.
```

```java
Producer producer = client.newProducer()
        .topic("my-topic")
        .batcherBuilder(BatcherBuilder.KEY_BASED)
        .create();
```

> Or the producer can disable the message batch mechanism.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or the producer can disable batching.
```
